# Group Study Project Meeting Minutes: History of Numbers

**Date**: 12th February 2024
**Time**: 10:00 - 11:00
**Location**: INB2305
**Attendees:** Alex Rushworth (A.R.), William Fayers (W.F.), Abbie Hall (A.H.), Nathan Grieve (N.G.)
**Absent:** Katie Arnold (K.A.1.) with apologies "slept in", Kieran Alwill (K.A.2.) with apologies "ill", Tom Ward (T.W.) with apologies "slept in"
**Facilitator:** Alex Rushworth (A.R.)
**Minutes Prepared By:** William Fayers (W.F.)

---

## Meeting Agenda

1. Progress Update/Chapter Links
2. Check T.W.'s progress on sharing research.
3. Closing
	1. Remind A.R. to send W.F. a Agenda for next week before Monday.
	2. Plan meetings with K.A.2.

### 1. Progress Update/Chapter Links

Today's meeting consisted of a brief check-up on progress - most people have completed a plan, but the group requires a few more people to check over the final outline of the report before sending it to the module co-ordinator.

The plan is still to complete a draft of the main body of each chapter by the next meeting (on Thursday), which we seem on track for, but might have to delay it to Monday.

### 2. T.W. Research Update

T.W. did not attend the meeting.

### Closing

Concluded the meeting with goals for **everyone to complete the main body of their chapters by Thursday**, ready to write the ends of each chapter together in the IconInc meeting room.

---