# Group Study Project Meeting Minutes: History of Numbers

**Date**: 5th February 2024  
**Time**: 10:00 - 11:00  
**Location**: INB2305  
**Attendees:** Alex Rushworth (A.R.), William Fayers (W.F.), Katie Arnold (K.A.1.), Tom Ward (T.W.), Kieran Alwill (K.A.2.), Abbie Hall (A.H.)  
**Absent:** Nathan Grieve (N.G.)  
**Facilitator:** Alex Rushworth (A.R.)  
**Minutes Prepared By:** William Fayers (W.F.)

---

## Meeting Agenda

1. Review of preliminary research progress.
2. Discussion of resources shared by K.A.1.
3. Approval of previous meeting minutes.
4. Announcement of next meeting.
5. Discussion on presentation style.
6. Preparation for the next meeting's deadline.

### 1. Review of Preliminary Research Progress

The meeting commenced with a check-in on each member's research progress. Approximately half of the group has begun their research, with some members expressing the need for additional time to gather more comprehensive materials.

### 2. Discussion of Resources Shared by K.A.1.

Katie Arnold (K.A.1.) shared a compilation of resources and stressed the importance of ensuring cohesion between the chapters. The group agreed to focus on the detailed narrative of their assigned periods, leaving the introduction and conclusion sections for later development. This approach aims to provide flexibility for integrating the chapters seamlessly in the future.

### 3. Approval of Previous Meeting Minutes

The minutes from the last meeting were presented and reviewed by the group. No significant corrections were needed, and the minutes were approved unanimously.

### 4. Announcement of Next Meeting

Kieran Alwill (K.A.2.) announced that the next meeting would be held on Thursday, 8th February 2024, at the IconInc accommodation, immediately following the practical sessions. This change of venue aims to accommodate the group's schedule and provide a comfortable environment for discussion.

### 5. Discussion on Presentation Style

The group brainstormed ideas for the presentation style, envisioning a creative approach that simulates an archaeological dig through the slides, symbolically "unearthing" historical developments in the study of numbers. The idea of incorporating elements reminiscent of Minecraft was suggested to add novelty and engage the audience.

### 6. Preparation for the Next Meeting's Deadline

Alex Rushworth (A.R.) reminded the group of the importance of the next meeting, which will serve as the deadline for submitting chapter outlines. Members are encouraged to finalize their research and begin drafting their sections to ensure productive feedback can be given during the next gathering.

### Closing

The meeting concluded with acknowledgments of the tasks ahead. Despite Nathan Grieve's (N.G.) absence due to illness, the group expressed their best wishes and looked forward to his recovery and contribution. The group left feeling focused and aware of the significance of the upcoming deadlines.

Thus, the meeting ended at 11:00.

---