# Group Study Project Meeting Minutes: History of Numbers

**Date**: 22nd February 2024
**Time**: 13:00 - 14:00
**Location**: The Boudoir Lounge, IconInc
**Attendees:** William Fayers (W.F.), Abbie Hall (A.H.), Katie Arnold (K.A.1.), Kieran Alwill (K.A.2.), Tom Ward (T.W.)
**Absent:** Alex Rushworth (A.R.) due to an "bedridden illness", Nathan Grieve (N.G.)
**Facilitator:** Alex Rushworth (A.R.)
**Minutes Prepared By:** William Fayers (W.F.)

---

## Meeting Agenda

1. Progress Update/Chapter Links
2. Closing
	1. Remind A.R. to send W.F. a Agenda for next week before Monday.
	2. Plan meetings with K.A.2.

### 1. Progress Update/Chapter Links

- Deadline for a complete first draft (written in prose, without referencing) for Monday where A.H. will send each draft to Manuela, which looks achievable for the majority of the group so far.
- Between Monday's meeting and Thursday's meeting, proof-read the neighbouring era's draft to both ensure everything is well-written and detailed by giving constructive feedback to one another, as well as to gather context on how to improve the fluidity between each chapter via the chapter introduction/conclusions.
- On Thursday, the group will brainstorm a group introduction for the report, with K.A.1. heading the writing.
- Next week, the group will focus on editing the group report as a whole, so that the following week the group can complete the presentation and begin practice in the IconInc building.

### Closing

>**Note for A.H. to check-up on N.G., due to his lack of attendance and progress.**

The meeting concluded in good spirits, with minimal worry concerning the report. The next meeting will be in INB2305 during the group study lecture in the university timetables.

---