The 18th century was incredible era in mathematics, marking the beginning of the Scientific Revolution and the Era of Enlightenment with its notable increase in the pace of mathematical development. The creation of calculus at the end of the last century continued into the beginning of this century, influencing all areas of intellectual thought leading to major societal changes through political revolution in both France and America, as well as an increase in global exploration and colonisation which further accelerated the spread of mathematical ideas and thus development.

The vigorous expansion of calculus and its applications into the 18th century resulted in a mathematical schism between Britain and Continental Europe, with the feud being led by Newton and Leibniz respectively. On the Continent, calculus expanded even further into the century, with the likes of the Bernoulli family and Leonard Euler clarifying notation and expanding on its applications. In France, mathematics like Lagrange and Laplace expanded even further on calculus, exploring differential equations and the calculus of variations.

However, calculus was not the only new field of mathematics that erupted into the global conscience in the 18th century; both probability theory and number theory were expanded upon by the same mathematical giant that explored differential equations and other calculus niches: Lagrange. Advances in mathematical notation beyond calculus also emerged, along with concepts such as the Cartesian coordinate system. Finally, mathematics was beginning to look more like the modern system we use today.

There were three main mathematicians in the century, however: Sir Isaac Newton, Leonard Euler, and Carl Gauss. Euler's extensive contributions swept across all of mathematics, and Gauss was known as a child prodigy with great future potential.