1. I wake up at 8am when I have lectures (10am to 6pm Mon, 9am to 5pm Tues, 9am to 1pm Weds, 10am to 2pm Thurs) but even then I normally lay in and sometimes miss my morning lectures. When I don't have lectures, I wake up naturally around midday. I often forget to eat breakfast and end up having an energy drink to stop myself from being hungry or tired (from the lack of restful sleep), but I always have lunch around 1pm (although it's often a Tesco meal deal unless I prepared something previously, as I don't really like cooking at lunchtime and I'm often away from home at uni) and dinner around 6pm (although it's often takeaway, as I often can't be bothered to cook, or there are people in the kitchen). My tutoring differs from week to week, but currently I don't have many students, so I normally tutor either during the day (so it doesn't affect anything) or Thursday evenings at 17:30. Bedtime differs from day to day, but I am for 11pm (although I'm often tired before, I always stay up until 11pm, but sometimes I stay up beyond that until 1am). Of course I have my lectures that I have to go to, but beyond that I'd like to spend a few hours each day studying even more, as well as some time for my hobbies like learning Japanese, chess, doing programming, general fiction reading, watching anime/Netflix, maybe a film, going for a walk, having a date with my partner, etc. I also want to make sure I go to the gym for a 1-2 hours four times a week. I'm currently paying for a membership, but I keep either forgetting to go or not being bothered to go.

2. In terms of priority, my university studies always come first, then time with my partner, then working out. Anything involving learning also has priority over things like watching Netflix, anime, or a movie. I also want to have a quick cold shower every morning, and a nice cleansing warm shower every evening. Oh, and I want to make some matcha every morning as a sort of calming ritual before starting my day, whenever that'll be. I often think that I'd like to wake up earlier, also, like at 5am or 6am, or even earlier - it just depends whether or not I can also then get to bed on time, even after spending time with my partner. I also want to make sure I do the aforementioned hobbies in part 1.

3. I'm not too sure what the biggest obstacles have been - I think it's a combination of tiredness leading to a lack of motivation and not having enough structure and detail so I just end up... sitting, wondering what to do but not wanting to actually do anything. So, that said, I definitely want to try out a much more strict schedule, planning even something like every half an hour or shorter. Although, I'm happy for something to be planned as something like "morning routine", and then for the morning routine to be planned down to something like every five minutes - just so the schedule itself isn't too overwhelming, and I can end up learning it.

4. As previously mentioned, I'd like to spend 1-2 hours four times a week at the gym, but I'd also like to go on daily walks, and maybe even some yoga at some point during each day/week. Regarding sleep, I basically just want to be well-rested, but I'd also quite like to wake up earlier than most people so I get some quiet time to do things like cook, go to the gym, etc. - things that other people normally disrupt and off put me going to.

5. I'd like to definitely spend time with my partner each day, maybe even incorporating a date night into my schedule (even if it's only once a week rather than daily). I can often just call my partner whilst doing other things, so that's not too much of a problem, as long as we can have dates pretty regularly. In terms of other socialising, I don't really do much else, so that can be ignored. Relaxation is nice, but you can decide how much I need - maybe incorporating meditation could be nice, too. Unplanned activities are more something that I'll adjust the schedule later to handle, depending when they end up happening, if they end up happening. I've mentioned specific activities/hobbies that I want to have time for each week beforehand, too.

6. I just want to make sure to start with my schedule has the most important parts to keep me alive and happy, then to slowly build up to doing more, being more productive and still staying motivated and sticking to the schedule. I'm starting this on a Friday (tomorrow), so I'll have three days of no lectures to make sure I can have a good running start to my schedule.

Thanks for helping! :-)