### Monday 19th February, 2024 10:00 - 11:30 in INB2305

**Attendees:** Alex Rushworth (A.R.), William Fayers (W.F.), Katie Arnold (K.A.1.), Kieran Alwill (K.A.2.), Tom Ward (T.W.), Abbie Hall (A.H.)
**Absent:** Nathan Grieve (N.G.)
**Facilitator:** Alex Rushworth (A.R.)  
**Minutes Prepared By:** William Fayers (W.F.)

#### Agenda

1. Progress update.
2. Discuss deadlines for drafts.
3. Discuss the group introduction and conclusion.
4. Discuss presentation preparation.
5. Closing: next steps, reminders, meeting planning.
6. Work on drafts together.

##### 1. Progress update.

The report outline had been finalised and sent to Manuela, however, progress on the drafts was slower than everyone had expected. Hence, the group decided to re-decide deadlines during the next meeting based on how this week goes.

N.G. still has not began their draft, whilst everyone has begun some semblance of a first draft.

##### 2. Discuss deadlines for drafts.

Initial next deadline idea for the group was Monday.

##### 3. Discuss the group introduction and conclusion.

The group decided to focus on the group introduction and conclusion together in a meeting in IconInc, as a group brainstorming activity. However, whilst the group technically had a full idea of what the report will entail, they decided to only do this once the first drafts were completed, as report content may change halfway.

##### 4. Discuss presentation preparation.

Similar to the group introduction and conclusion, the group decided to focus on the presentation further in the future, especially with the absence of N.G., the presentation co-ordinator.

It was decided to begin thinking about what the slides will focus on per chapter, though.

#### Closing

No major deadlines were set, although the general consensus was to focus much more on the report drafts.

After the meeting, the group worked on drafts as a group until another lecture needed to use the room, then the group continued in another building.