### Monday 5th February, 2024 10:00 - 11:30 in INB2305

**Attendees:** Alex Rushworth (A.R.), William Fayers (W.F.), Katie Arnold (K.A.1), Tom Ward (T.W.), Kieran Alwill (K.A.2), Abbie Hall (A.H.)
**Absent:** Nathan Grieve (N.G.)
**Facilitator:** Alex Rushworth (A.R.)  
**Minutes Prepared By:** William Fayers (W.F.)

#### Agenda

1. Progress update.
2. Discussion on citation resources.
3. Discussion on presentation style.
4. Closing: next steps, reminders, meeting planning.

##### 1. Progress update.

The group began by discussing each member's progress with research: most members began their research, however some members expressed the need for additional time to find more comprehensive resources.

##### 2. Discussion on citation resources.

K.A.1. discussed the importance of cohesion between chapters and shared some resources she found to help with citation on the group chat. The group also decided to leave their chapter introductions and conclusions until later on to help integrate the chapters together seamlessly.

##### 3. Discussion on presentation style.

The group brainstormed ideas for how to present the presentation, however, whilst the group decided on some interesting and novel ideas, they concluded that they'll focus on it more after everyone's first chapter drafts have been completed. 

#### Closing

A.R. highlighted the deadline for **all members** to complete their chapter outlines by the next meeting on **Thursday 14:00-15:00** in **IconInc**. Thus, the meeting ended at 11:30.